today the test is for each of
you and on this track you will have to
show that they are in me call me
because they are the best juries in their
positions
congratulations you are the best
jury of colombia and that's why we have
gathered
to deliver the vision more
important of their careers
they have to achieve
that the new ion season
do this and it is palm I travel by the
most remote places in Colombia to
really know what it is that you want
people
what you will see below is
confidential and production have it
rated who would you like to see me
call me I wanted to see players
but how
undoubtedly to Carlos because I
love
I would like to see, I would say
and an elegant egg and can still show
and his sworn mission if they decide to accept it
is to demand as much as possible and pass only
top
go behind the stars of the
music copy your gestures look for your
tricks on stage and do not let
escape even the smallest detail
in this season he will be relentless
let's do
to
no no no
yes
and good
the information I have it twice will be
perfect
they should be smart creatives and with
wanting to give them back the world
I'm coming to the restaurant the man
is in
living
I allow your coat welcome then
is your life
why
but I consider that as excellent
d
the face of the beard is painted
you have to be here
solidarity tourist
the mission style fulfilled me long before
double compound will be
perfect that later do not say that I
achieved profession already or my son
I want perfect doubles without any mistakes
bigger more fly
for the pool
your mom arrived
this is an assault on the lake here was the
information
because the double will be perfect
excellent work are definitely
the best arrived the hour begins the
search for the greatest talent of all
the times
I call myself because if you liked the
first season the second one is going to
like double